Add Traefik Hub access and remove Pilot access (#8848)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/migration/v2.md

### Tracing

In `v2.6.1`, the Datadog tags added to a span changed from `service.name` to `traefik.service.name` and from `router.name` to `traefik.router.name`.

## v2.7

> ### Pilot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Traefik Pilot
```

> `--pilot.token` and `--pilot.dashboard` are deprecated.
> Those fields will be removed in future 2.x releases.
> Please check our Blog for migration instructions later this year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `v2.7`, the `pilot.token` and `pilot.dashboard` options are deprecated.
Please check our Blog for migration instructions later this year.
```
